README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github.com/SP-XD/SP-XD/blob/main/images/hellocoders_rounded.gif?raw=true" href="https://github.com/sp-xd" alt="Hello Coders" width="60%"/> <br>

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mohamad  
### Computer Science Student @ TUHH  

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 🎓 Computer Science Student (B.Sc.)  
- 💼 Working as **Security Assistant in a SOC Team**
- 💻 Strong foundation in **C** and **Haskell**
- 🐍 Currently expanding into **Python**
- 🛡 Focused on Cybersecurity, system-level thinking & secure architectures
- 🏠 Interested in Smart Home technologies & automation

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

### Programming Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Haskell](https://img.shields.io/badge/Haskell-5D4F85?style=flat&logo=haskell&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=darkgreen)

### Security & Systems
- SOC Monitoring    
- Linux Systems  

### Tools & Environment
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-E44C30?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078D4?style=flat&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)

---

## 🏠 Interests

- Smart Home automation & device integration  
- Network security in home environments  
- Secure system design  
- Functional programming concepts  

---

## 📈 Current Focus

```c
while (student) {
    learn();
    analyze();
    secure();
    build();
}

Commit message:

Enhance README with links and analytics
Updated README to include social media links, GitHub analytics, and refined job description.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github.com/SP-XD/SP-XD/blob/main/images/hellocoders_rounded.gif?raw=true" href="https://github.com/sp-xd" alt="Hello Coders" width="60%"/> <br>

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mohamad  
### Computer Science Student @ TUHH  

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Mohamad%20Assaf-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamad-assaf-58200b1b9)  
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@just.assaf-E4405F?style=flat&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/just.assaf/)

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=massaf1&label=Profile%20Views&color=0e75b6&style=flat)

</div>

---

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=massaf1&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" width="60%" />

<br/>

<img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=massaf1&theme=tokyo-night&hide_border=true" width="95%" />

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 🎓 Computer Science Student (B.Sc.)  
- 💼 Working full-time as **Security Assistant in a SOC Team**
- 💻 Strong foundation in **C** and **Haskell**
- 🐍 Currently expanding into **Python**
- 🏠 Interested in Smart Home technologies & automation

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

### Programming Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Haskell](https://img.shields.io/badge/Haskell-5D4F85?style=flat&logo=haskell&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=darkgreen)

### Security & Systems
- SOC Monitoring  
- Linux Systems
